Did you get it?
Got my cousin
When I was chatting with Li Hong just now
I asked him tentatively.
He still has some recollection of events before the age of four
He remembered that Mr. Zhou was very kind to him
President Su doesn't seem to like him very much
He still remembers having an older brother
I just can't remember what they looked like.
I remember my mother liked me very much, but
My father was not very nice to me.
I have a brother
But he's not well.
His memory is for us
It's a ticking time bomb.
Let Mr. Zhou and Young Master Su have more contact with him
In case he remembers something
Or something was discovered by Mr. Zhou and Young Master Su
We're all done
What to do then?
Since you want to replace it
It is necessary to nip all hidden dangers in the cradle
Cousin means
Anyway, President Su doesn't like him
Said he was a disaster
Now he has provoked Mr. Zhou and Young Master Su
As long as his identity is not revealed
The Su family can't tolerate him
Then we don't just add a fire
Killing with a knife
Let Mr. Zhou and Master Su
Solve his trouble for us with your own hands
Come here.
Cousin really deserves to be Mr. Zhou's assistant
Don't worry, it's on me.
I have now
Can't wait to kill their mother and daughter
Master Su
We went to the hospital and brought Miss Li here
OK
Yiyi, why are you here?